= devise_referable

It adds support to devise[http://github.com/plataformatec/devise] for tracking 
users that were sent by referrers modeled as other classes in your app and allows
multiple people to be reffered by the same person. In addition, accepting an invitation 
recorded in a cooky so it is not necesary to create a separate acceptance page. You can
provide any page to be acceptance page

== Installation

All gems are on gemcutter, so you need to add gemcutter to your sources if you haven’t yet:

  sudo gem sources -a http://gemcutter.org/

Install devise_referable gem, it should install dependencies (such as devise and warden):

  sudo gem install devise_referable

Configure devise_referable inside your app (and warden and devise if you weren't using them):

  config.gem 'warden'
  config.gem 'devise'
  config.gem 'devise_referable'

== Basic Usage

Follow the walkthrough for devise with the following modifications.

Create a migration for the referrals table, minimally:

    create_table :referrals, :force => true do |t|
      t.integer   :referrer_id
      t.string    :referrer_type
      t.integer   :recipient_id
      t.string    :referral_token
      t.datetime  :registered_at
      t.string    :session_id
      t.timestamps
    end

And create a Referral class, minimally:

    class Referral < ActiveRecord::Base
        acts_as_referral
    end

Add a referrer_token column to your referrer classes.

    add_column :table_name1, :referrer_token, :string
    add_column :table_name2, :referrer_token, :string
    
Add indexes if you want
    add_index  :referrals,  :referral_token 
    add_index  :table_name1, :referrer_token
    add_index  :table_name2, :referrer_token


Add :referable to the devise line in your model:

  class User < ActiveRecord::Base
    devise ..., :referable
  end

If you are using devise :all, you can add :referable to config.all in devise initializer:
  Devise.setup do |config|
    ...
    config.all = [..., :referable]
    ...
  end

== Model configuration

DeviseReferable adds a new configuration option, :referral_types. It should be 
an array of classes which can act as a referrer

== Routes

  rails g devise_referable login

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Van Horn, based on work by {Sergio Cambra}[http://github.com/scambra/devise_invitable]. 
See LICENSE for details.
